----==Helpful information==----

--App info--
Version: 0.9.2
JDK Version: 19.0.2
Author: L Casey Bull
License: Standard MIT License
Copyright: (c) 2023 Juskiie

--What is this app for?--
This is a project management planner app. It was developed as part of my university final
year project, to help people with procrastination.
With this app you can create project files, and have them display in a clean GUI.
Then you can track all your projects in a simple calendar view, the application should automatically make a
timetable for you and add those components to the tracker.
The GUI Look and Feel was created by formdev.com as an open source Java Swing library,
which you can check out here: https://www.formdev.com/flatlaf/

Any issues contact me at: JuskieHusky@icloud.com

--How to use--

=The File Menu=
The file menu has three options:
    - Create a new project
    - Load existing project
    - Help (Which displays this in the GUI)

1. Create a new project:
This opens up a new form.
Here, you can specify details about your project, including:
    - Project title
    - A brief description
    - The deadline for the project
    - Any tasks (and their duration) for the project

Note: If any of these fields are left blank, then the app will add default values for those fields,
which you can edit later in the GUI.

Once you are finished entering the data for your project, simply click "Submit" to save the project.
When saving, the app will try to, first check if a "Projects" directory exists, and if so, add your project file to
that directory.
If the directory does not exist, the app will try to create one, and then save the project file to the
newly created directory.

Upon successful project creation the data will be added to the main window in a table.

2. Load an existing project
This opens a file selection window.
You can select either a directory (e.g. the Projects directory),
or, an individual project file.
Projects are saved in the ".ser" file format.
This is a "serialized file", essentially, a stream of bytes for your project.
Java interprets and deserializes these files as objects, so they can be read.

This option should then (if it has access), load the project file(s) into the main gui table.

3. Help
Displays this!

--Troubleshooting--
This section contains information on how to resolve common errors/bugs with the app.
For anything not listed here, please contact me directly.

1. Security Exceptions
This can occur when attempting to create new project files with the app.
Should the user not have access to the directory the app is installed in, the app will throw a "Security Exception".
There are two fixes for this:
    - Move the application to a location the user has read/write access to, and run it again.
    - Run the application as an Administrator (not recommended).

2. IOExceptions / ClassNotFoundExceptions
To understand these errors, a brief understanding of the underlying code is required.
This application creates serialized files (.ser) for your projects when you create/save and load them.
Each time an object is "Serialized", it is assigned a "Serial Version UID".
This is a unique identifier that the JVM uses to compare versions for the class
used to create your projects.
(Essentially, the app makes sure this app was used to create those Project files).
Embedded in the code to create objects the SerialVersionUID is hardcoded,
and the only person who can change it is me (the developer).

This means, the only time you will encounter either of these errors, is if:
    - I changed the Serial Version UID (If I updated the app to change its functionality)
    - The ".ser" file you are loading, was not created by this application. (Java doesn't know what to do with it)

The only fix is, if the application gets updated, to recreate your projects in the new app.
I will attempt to add a converter if possible.


Any further questions, feel free to contact me using my information at the top of this page.